Hello, my dears, I am so red
nose you had here and part on camera
this cameras just my phone i
Today, in general, came to the shopping
center our megamarket caravan which
victor is on the meadow and me
hung on the subscriber in him a video about
Art Deco about being in a caravan and small
the little stand inglot opened and so I arrived
here to see what is there
happens really there and there
so far and what prices and everything all everything
Else I hope you do not work
take a little bit off and show what it is
Is it a large range of all as
everything going on there my dear so it
not easy to small stands here's a real god
whole shop
this place where used to be so expensive
expensive toys were sold which
nobody bought it closed you ended up
without that sensible
first test for later and before that I’m all
It turns out that these magnetic ones are not filmed
with the help she's here margolis
yes you can just enough of them
well thank you
shawls
you
well and ending this video will show you my
the purchases that I made to this
my campaign is not yet a breakthrough dream and full
there is a product and then sold to the pipe
wanted on a frustration experience can be in
Further, for the beginning, I will show exactly those
pond mind I already bought and tell you about
what I would like to buy and tell
about prices and everything else I bought
a magnetic palette of which I will
type shadows and boucle on 3
filchiki in general wanted to buy 5 I immediately
chose again but since we are now
Intercharm exhibition is taking place
they practically all cosmetics on
exhibition and unfortunately just was not
dressed in two shades which was another
by the way they did not write down my phone
They were looking for when they come back
shops where they did not allow
wow service insidious checking i bought
set yourself good bye this shade 5 i
I really wanted to take a film for 10
referrals man he said again I started
let's test good good not
recognize the shadows in which case I'm here
just then i fill the pavan or there
there is lipstick to have seen fila she is 10 already
I'll buy myself for the shadows immediately tell
about refila polyphyly shirt three in
them they are opening ways like
many different things are not glued here that is
you need to cut and pull out the peak
throw out the packaging that is just store
Separately refill to be extremely uncomfortable so
let's see the first bra
wonderful color
neutral taupe look
he is so versatile he will fit
us for make-up it will suit us even for
with sexual correction look here he
so mitral brown
taupe even i would say
shade is shade number 327 is from
matte series by the way and doctors turn
attention to what kind of texture are you
buy because in many ways they
applied differently stewed specify
this is the consultant will tell you
To this question, I have this refill
me mat next chanterelle here
such a beautiful lavender
baby and this one is a lilac
he is also matte yes that is 2 matte
the shade that I bought showing you
lapping than he does not look like you either
just showed you that he is from a separate
ruler their let's say it look
triple
these are three shades of gray light gray
neutral and darker same wet
asphalt and kafir on non matte
glitters from the rainball series as
please with the rainbow such they have a whole
the series comes from different shades of such
Transneft's Ilusha that can
atone they are more expensive 10 hryvnia really
fairies dinars
we have three shades this ready already
makeup on the magnetron does not need to spend
money for three separate here such
flowers to make it
but let's also think that a big plus
when we have small such fish
checks why because
we do not need to wait long it will end
what will we do
and passed the expiration date before we
it is fully used further than you
show you see here is such a product
let's say it is they have all sorts of two
they have a few of them
Here is this brownish palette
there is pinkish there is still some such
plan blush with glitter
very interesting options but even more
what I liked they have the same
plan
go go highlighters they do n't look like that
Such squares you do not know how
highlighter and bobbi brown like that
stripes and they are three shades
one which is done highlight
pinkish 2 makes it golden and 3 makes
a little white and about the healing effect
aurora loved such ideas with
by highlighting I want to take myself a pinkish
try how it will work
really got such an idea from
lady that will open the topic video is prices
girls this prices just cosmetic
a fairy tale that you hit with such
quality is real although in principle now
I talk about the quality of early and all that
I did not try but I will definitely try
I will show you to such a detailed
the review will not be on it because that would
understandably . here are the new purchases after all
more videos on review from 2 stores to
what I bought note the palette with
these three colors has cost me 300
one hryvnia
despite the fact that one cream truck bobby
Brown did not cost 345 one thing
hryvnia to understand the difference that is the price
super herself this palette is worth
It cost me 129 hryvnias ak 12 s
half euro and there i'm cool at 10
flowers in my
something 210 was worth there I don't remember exactly
200 kopecks 210 will be 21 euros
like this 1 ora fitch matte shade
as I said it costs 54 hryvnia 5
penny ate or retro dumpling rainbow
tricolor sixty-four species 6
kopecks euro and some other prices you
saw for sure when I shot
video of these very water is embarrassing
to the rescue there was also visible
at least for very little money
Fine quality known throughout
world principle therefore you walk and
just look at it
beautiful boy who is such a kind
cute and young creature with at least that
just nice to watch i'm sure that you
get the same mass of beautiful
voices and positive after this shopping
caravan in the shop but
Like put subscribe to a channel
not to miss new videos I
all waiting for the next copy at the meeting of all
love bye